Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I plan to do...
♪ Chachaaan! ♪
A karaoke ranking of anime songs!
Yaaay! Pafu pafu!
Last time, I did a questionnaire regarding anime song rankings
This time, I’ll do the karaoke version!
There were a lot of people who wanted to hear me sing, so then...
I decided to hear your opinions ♪
I plan to sing a lot!
Good, in this case, let's start at once!
Karaoke anime song rankings of the year 2017
First I’ll announce the songs at 10th to 6th place
But...
I won’t dedicate to just simply announcing them...
Some will be hidden, so then try to guess them when I sing them in karaoke
Oh! I see...
There are songs that been around for a long time...
But the one at 6th place is relatively new, right?
Eh?
"Story" is an anime song?
I didn't know that!
Eeeeh?
And then...!
The one that’s at 10th place is...
♪ I will follow you ♪
(watashi tsuiteiku yo)
♪ No matter in what cruel darkness you find yourself in the world ♪
(donna tsurai sekai no yami no naka de sae)
♪ I’m sure you’ll shine ♪
(kitto anata wa kagayaite )
♪ Cross the future's limit ♪
(koeru mirai no hate)
♪ To prevent your soul from being destroyed by your weakness ♪
(yowasa yue ni tamashii kowasarenu you ni)
♪ Converges on my way, now... ♪
(my way kasanaru yo, ima...)
♪ ...God will bless us ♪
(futari ni God bless...)
Did you guess what was the song!?
Well, I only said one phrase that sounds familiar at the end
The 10th place song is...!
Jaka, jaka, jakaaaa, jan!
From "The Melancholy of Suzumiya Haruhi"...
"God knows..."
♪ A.I.Chaneeeeeeeel ♪
Good, good, next up...!
I’ll announce the 5th to 1st place right away!
Oh, there’s several that aren’t hidden!
Ah, this is...!
"Sugar Song to Bitter Step" is for dancing, right?
(Play on words with "Step" and dancing)
Was I mistaken?
"Butter-fly" is from "Digimon"! I know it, I know it
And then, the 5th, 3rd and 1st places...
Are hidden, right?
What do you think they are?
In this case, I’ll start in order from 5th place
♪ The memories are always beautiful, but... ♪
(Omoide wa itsumo kirei dakedo)
♪ Only with memories, your stomach will feel hungry ♪
(Sore dake ja onaka ga suku wa)
♪ To tell you the truth, even though this is a painful night ♪
(Hontou wa setsunai yoru na no ni)
♪ Why is that? ♪
(Doushite kashira?)
♪ I can't remember the smile of that person ♪
(Ano hito no egao mo omoidasenai no)
5th place is...! Chachaaan!
"Sobakasu" Yaaay!
Man, this is a very famous song! Right?
It's by "Rurouni Kenshin", "Rurouni Kenshin"!
And now...!
3rd place!
♪ I wonder from what moment ♪
(itsu kara darou kimi no koto wo)
♪ I’ve been chasing you ♪
(oikakeru watashi ga ita)
♪ Please, don't be surprised ♪
(douka onegai odorokanaide)
♪ Hear my... ♪
(Kiite yo watashi no)
♪ Feelings ♪
(Kono omoi wo)
3rd place is...! Chachaaan!
"Kimi no shiranai monogatari"
"Kimishira", right?
"Kimishira"
It’s great, right?
I also... would like to see the stars
I’d want to experience adolescence, it’d be great
And finally, the winner!
1st place is...!
Jaka, jakaaaa, jajan!
♪ Cruel Angel Thesis ♪
(Zankoku no tenshi na teze)
♪ Will soon take flight through the window ♪
(madobe kara yagate tobitatsu)
♪ With surging, hot pathos, if you betray your memories ♪
(hotobashiru atsui patosu de omoide wo uragiru nara)
♪ Embrace the sky and shine ♪
(kono sora wo daite kagayaku)
♪ Young boy, become a legend ♪
(shounen yo shinwa ni nare)
1st place is...! Chan!
"Zankoku na Tenshi no Teeze"! Yaaaay!
(Cruel Angel Thesis)
Man, it's a very famous song! Right?
I wonder if there's someone who doesn’t know it
It always seems to appear in the karaoke ranks
And the work of "Evangelion" is also very entertaining!
Having said that, what do you think...?
Of the karaoke anime song rankings?
The karaoke song rankings...
Doesn't change much, right?
It’s pretty much set
They’re like the standard songs as always
I wonder if one day, my song will appear here
Man, it’ll turn into a standard song, what a problem!
Well, before I release my own song...
In this expanding business world of the A.I’s, digital YouTubers and idols...
Would I survive?
I want to survive!
I want...
I want to survive
I still want to...
Keep surviving (?)
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex